# Meeting on 2022-11-01 (Tuesday)

## Logistics

- Where: Online via [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/wardley-mapping-foundation/events/nswbwsydcpbcb/)
- When: 16:00 to 17:00 CEST (Central European Summer Time) [View in your timezone](https://everytimezone.com/?t=6254c100,348)
- Attending: [Ann](https://twitter.com/agvbergin), [Ben](https://twitter.com/BHohner), [Chris](https://twitter.com/wardleymaps), [Holger](https://twitter.com/HolgerGelhausen), [Julius](https://twitter.com/juliusgb2k), [Steve](https://twitter.com/spurkis)

## Follow-ups and direction

- Incorporate feedback (legal entity, funding model, funding campaign) and continue prep for potential trustees
- Finalise discord service contract
- Enable WMF-OSOM repo (https://github.com/Wardley-Mapping-Foundation/wmf-osom) to take changes from upstream
- Look into adding search to https://wardley-mapping-foundation.github.io/wmf-osom/
- Look into recording transcribing these sessions for others to catch up. 

## Discussions

- Went through all tasks/issues and reprioritised them.
- Those that can be done in parallel because they don't depend on having a legal entity are at the top.
