# Meeting on 2022-12-06 (Tuesday)

## Logistics

- Where: Online via [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/wardley-mapping-foundation/events/289644918/)
- When: 15:00 to 15:30 GMT
- Attending:  [Steve Purkis](https://twitter.com/spurkis), [Ann Bergin](https://twitter.com/agvbergin), [Catherine Walker](https://twitter.com/transageo), [Julius Gamanyi](https://twitter.com/juliusgb2k),

## Discussions

[Issue #46 moved to done.](https://github.com/Wardley-Mapping-Foundation/wmf-operating-model/issues/46)
- Discord service doc is in draft, we decided to move this issue to done.

Updated [issue #55](https://github.com/Wardley-Mapping-Foundation/wmf-operating-model/issues/55), follow-ups captured there.
- Funding campaign has a few hours left, lots of folks have shown support, successful experiment even though target wasn't reached. Need to build on this, reach out to those who supported with what we learned and what we plan to do next. Enough interest to continue.
- Brief chat of how to stay in contact with supporters from Crowdfunder. Briefly considered a mailing list but noted as we're not an org significant GDPR so we'll set-up an announcement channel in Discord and raise a separate issue to start a mailing list.

[Issue #30](https://github.com/Wardley-Mapping-Foundation/wmf-operating-model/issues/30)
- How many trustees do we envisage? Quorum of ~5.
- Raised issue of bootstrapping, need to check how this would work for a company limited by guarantee. From board members, sponsors, others? Events? Can the foundation take on the financial risk of events, e.g. Map Camp?

[Issue #62](https://github.com/Wardley-Mapping-Foundation/wmf-operating-model/issues/62), also related to trustees
- Working of articles of association and objects, @spurkis going to setup a new folder on google docs for us to work on these together.
