# Meeting on 2023-01-03 (Tuesday)

## Logistics

- Where: Online via [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/wardley-mapping-foundation/events/289644918/)
- When: 15:00 to 15:30 GMT
- Attending:  [Steve Purkis](https://twitter.com/spurkis), [Ann Bergin](https://twitter.com/agvbergin), [Catherine Walker](https://twitter.com/transageo)

## Follow-ups and direction

- [ ] SP to grant AB & CW Meetup permissions
- [ ] Steve to send thank-you note to WMF funding supporter
- [ ] Catherine to work on 2nd draft of Guarantor invite
- [ ] Steve to reach out re: MapCamp
- [ ] Steve to buy template Articles
- [ ] Ann to review feedback & start customising

Carried over from previous meeting:

- [ ] Steve to put together shortlist of trustees to approach in order for Friday collaboration session.

## Discussions

- Ann updated us on unwanted guests on Discord & Meetup, and actions taken. An incident report in the future would be a better way. Meetup permissions were an issue, as well as cancelling Meetup if it’s not going ahead.
